Doc 3078 Database section of RC - updates from Doc Bash (#2922)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rc/databases/view-edit-database.md

{{<image filename="images/rc/database-details-configuration-tab-durability-flexible.png" alt="Use the Durability  section to protect your data from unexpected problems." >}}{{< /image >}}

| Setting name             |Description|
|:-------------------------|:----------|
| **High availability**    | Replicates your data across multiple nodes, as allowed by your subscription plan |
| **Data persistence**     | Defines whether (and how) data is saved to disk; [available options]({{< relref "/rc/databases/configuration/data-persistence.md" >}}) depend on your plan type |
| **Data eviction policy** | Configures which [policy]({{< relref "/rc/databases/configuration/data-eviction-policies.md" >}}) is applied when your database reaches its memory limit |
| **Remote backup**        | (_paid Fixed, Flexible, or Annual subscriptions only_) When enabled, identifies a location and interval for [data backups]({{< relref "/rc/databases/back-up-data.md" >}}). |

> | **Active Passive Redis** | (_Flexible or Annual subscriptions only_) When enabled, identifies a path to the linked database. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Active-Passive Redis** | (_Flexible or Annual subscriptions only_) When enabled, identifies a path to the linked database. |
```

{{<image filename="images/rc/database-details-configuration-tab-security-flexible.png" alt="Use the Security settings to control access to your database." >}}{{< /image >}}

|Setting name| Description                                                                                                                                                                           |
|:-----------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **Default user** | When enabled, permits access using a simple password                                                                                                                                  |

> | **Default user password** | Password for default user. A default password is assigned to the database on creation and may be updated.                                                                             |  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Default user password** | Password for the default user. A default password is assigned to the database on creation, but you can change it.                                                                             |  
```

| **Dataset size has reached** | When enabled, sends an an email when the database reaches the defined memory limit _(Free, Flexible, or Annuals plans only_)                  |
| **Total size of datasets under this plan reached** | When enabled, sends an an email when the database reaches the defined memory limit _(paid Fixed plans only_)                                  |
| **Throughput is higher than** | When enabled, sends an email when the operations per second exceed the defined threshold _(paid Fixed, Flexible, or Annuals plans only_)      |
| **Throughput is lower than** | When enabled, sends an email when the operations per second falls below the defined threshold _(paid Fixed, Flexible, or Annuals plans only_) |
| **Latency is higher than** | When enabled, sends an an email when the latency exceeds the defined limit _(paid Fixed plans only_)                                          |
| **Number of connections** | When enabled, sends an email when the connections exceeds the defined limit.  _(Free and Fixed plans only)_                                   |

> | **Replica Of - database unable to sync with source** | When enabled, sends email when the replica database cannot sync with the primary (source) database _(Flexible or Annuals plans only_)         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Replica Of - database unable to sync with source** | When enabled, sends an email when the replica database cannot sync with the primary (source) database _(Flexible or Annuals plans only_)         |
```

You can:

> - Search by typing into the search box located above the database list.

Reviewer: The style guide generally recommends avoiding directional language like "above x", but maybe it's okay to leave it in this case.

    {{<image filename="images/rc/database-list-search.png" alt="Use the search bar to filter the list." >}}{{< /image >}}

> - Filter by selecting a filter type and then selecting the checkbox next to the options you want to include from the dropdown.  Select the Filter toggle, located on the right of the search bar, if the filter types are hidden.

Reviewer: Maybe the filter section paragraphs should be rearranged slightly. I think it makes more sense to start with "Filter the list on Status, Subscription, Capabilities, and Options" first, and then explain how to display and select the filter options.
